Live debugging doc (#987)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/tasks/debug.md

* The current exports for the component.
* The current debug info for the component (if the component has debug info).

> From there you can also jump to the documentation page of the component or to its corresponding [Live Debugging page](#live-debugging-page).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From there you can also go to the component documentation or to its corresponding [Live Debugging page](#live-debugging-page).
```

* The node's current state (Viewer/Participant/Terminating).
* The local node that serves the UI.

### Live Debugging page

<!-- TODO: add screenshot once the branch is ready to go to main -->

> The live debugging provides a real-time stream of debugging data from a component. You can access this page from the corresponding [Component detail page](#component-detail-page).

Author: I added a line about it, please reformulate it if needed

The page offers the following features:

* Pause and clear the data stream.
* Sample data and disable auto-scrolling to handle heavy loads.
* Search through the data using keywords.
* Copy the entire data stream to the clipboard.

The format and content of the debugging data vary depending on the component type.

Please note that not all components support this feature yet. We are working on gradually extending this capability to more components.

## Debugging using the UI

To debug using the UI:

* Ensure that no component is reported as unhealthy.
* Ensure that the arguments and exports for misbehaving components appear correct.

> * Ensure that the live debugging data meets your expectations.

Author: debugging data sounds good
